# PasswordGeneratorRWH

# 03 JavaScript: Password Generator


This program waits for the user to click a button to generate a pseudo-random
code meeting limited specified criteria given by the user. The user is prompted for a length, and must enter one within a specified range. A series of confirm windows has the user select YES or NO on including four different sets of characters in the password. The program then uses this data to generate a primitive password meeting the criteria set by the user. 


**This program DOES NOT MAKE A SECURE PASSWORD and is intended to meet the
assignment requirements only!!! DO NOT USE ANY PASSWORD GENERATED BY THIS PROGRAM!!!**

I plan to use this as a starting point to create a much more secure password in the future. As of 2-28-2021 the characters used in the generated password are in a set sequence. This solution, while meeting the assignment criteria in an efficient way, does not create a complex password. Right now my time is best spent moving ahead in my cirriculum, but perhaps when there is time I will return to make a REAL password!
  




## Assignment details

This week’s homework requires you to modify starter code to create an application that enables employees to generate random passwords based on criteria that they’ve selected. This app will run in the browser and will feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code that you write. It will have a clean and polished, responsive user interface that adapts to multiple screen sizes.

The password can include special characters. If you’re unfamiliar with these, see this [list of password special characters](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Password_special_characters) from the OWASP Foundation.

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I need a new, secure password
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
WHEN prompted for character types to include in the password
THEN I choose lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page
```
